Episode 1: Helping Friends
Hello, friends.
Oh, where are they going?
Ah, there they are.
Benny the bunny, Zuri the giraffe,
and Leo the lion.
And here comes Ella the elephant.
Look at Ella, she's so excited.
She wants to show her friends something special.
What is she hiding behind her back?
Wow, a beautiful pink hat.
Ella tries it on right away.
But, oh no, the wind blows her hat
right off her head.
Ella becomes sad.
Her lovely new hat is gone.
'Don't worry' says Benny gently,
'we'll help you find it.'
And off they go.
The friends start searching everywhere.
Leo looks behind the tree.
Ella looks inside the house and Zuri checks
behind the bushes.
Benny runs off to explore too.
Here comes Leo again.
He's found something.
But, oh, it's just a yellow hat.
So the friends keep searching.
There comes Benny hopping back with something.
But his hat is orange.
That's not Ella's either.
Zuri arrives next, thinking she found the right one.
But that hat is green and Ella's was pink.
After all that searching, the friends still can't
find Ella's hat.
They don't know what to do and
Ella loved her hat so much.
Then suddenly Leo remembers something.
He thinks he saw the hat blow forward
in the wind.
Everyone follows him, curious and hopeful.
And there it is, Ella's pink hat stuck
up in a tree.
Now they need to work together.
Benny carefully climbs onto Leo's shoulders and
reaches up to grab the hat.
They did it!
Together!
Ella is so happy to have such wonderful
friends she can always count on.